# ChatGPT on Graphics

### Name0: BEN PAN
### Name1: GABRIEL THOMPSON

---

## Background
Your goal is to get ChatGPT to create a program that meets all the requirements of our graphics engine up to the latest assignment. This includes:
* Drawing lines
* Drawing circles, and Bezier and Hermite curves.
* Maintining an edge list of points.
* Being able to perform & potentially combine transformations, rotations and dilations.
* Being able to save and display the images.
* Being able to correctly read in files using the graphics scripting language we've developed.

Some Notes:
* Please stick to C, Python or Java as the language of choice.
* Don't let ChatGPT use an existing graphics engine, it's got to work as hard as you have!
* If the program has multiple files, feel free to get ChatGPT to create a makefile for you.
* If you get it to create a useable grpahics engine, see if it can generate an image that shows off its capabilities.



## Task 0: Setup
Only one member of your group needs to have an account to use ChatGPT, if someone has one already, go ahead and use that. If not, pick one person to sign up, the simplest method to sign up would be to authenticate with google and use your stuy.edu email address. Authentication will require recieving a text message, so pick someone that has easy access to their phone.

You can find ChatGPT here: <https://chat.openai.com/chat>

## Task 1: The First Program
### Your Prompt
Provide below the first description you gave ChatGPT:

YOUR ANSWER HERE

### The Code
Crate a folder in this repository called __0-program__ containing all the relevant code initially created by ChatGPT.

### Your Analysis
Answer the Following Questions after seeing the initial program.

#### Question 0
Overall, how well did ChatGPT do?

Considering the number of requirements we gave to ChatGPT initially (see prompt #1 below), we were impressed with how much ChatGPT was able to accomplish. It was able to use advanced algorithms in graphics such as Bresenham's line and circle algorithms. It was also able to articulate its design very well: 
> Here's an implementation of the requested functions in Python without using external libraries. The edge list is represented as a list of tuples where each tuple contains the (x, y) coordinates of a point. The transformations, rotations, and dilations are achieved by modifying the edge list directly.

#### Question 1
What did ChatGPT get right?
- Use of OOP (class and constructors) 
- Bresenham's algorithm for lines and circles
- Bezier curves (cubic too!)
- Plotting pixels on the screen

#### Question 2
What did ChatGPT get wrong?
- Lack of implementation of transformations, rotations, and dilations
- Lack of implementation of edge lists using tuples, as described in its design. There is only a brief mention in the class constructor
- Lack of ability to display or save images (perhaps because we explicitly said "without using external libraries" to prevent ChatGPT from "cheating") 
- No hermite curves

#### Question 3:
How much of the code generated by ChatGPT do you understand?
- Most of the code, except Bresenham's circle drawing algorithm which was not covered in class.

#### Question 4:
How does ChatGPT's approach differ from yours?
- The implementation of drawing circles was different
- All code was in one file
- Use of OOP

## Task 2: Refinement
if possible, run the code made by ChatGPT. Based on your answers the questions above, and your observations about how the program runs, ask ChatGPT to improve the code. ChatGPT will generally understand that you are asking to make changes to your inital prompt, so you don't need to restate the enire problem, instead, ask for specific changes or improvements.

Provide each prompt you gave ChatGPT bellow. Give each prompt a header like this :`#### Prompt X` where X is a counter starting at 1.
#### Prompt 1
>Implement functions in Python that draw lines, circles, cubic Bezier curves, and Hermite curves on the screen without using external libraries. It should maintain an edge list of points. It should be able to perform and combine transformations, rotations, and dilations. It should be able to display and save images.

## Task 3: The Final Program
Include the final program created by ChatGPT in this repository in a folder called __1-program__.



